what's up texting gamers aka Trent here
with my review of the Sennheiser game PC
330 so it's priced at about $130 and
it's basically the little brother to the
PC 360 as well as having closed back
headphones instead of open-back
headphones so I tested it out for about
the past month on my macbook pro playing
some portal and with my ps3 and stereo
using a Knox audio negotiator acting as
the DAC so if you want to find out how
it performed stick past the break for my
full review out of the box there's the
headset itself with its 10-foot long
cable in dual 3.5 millimeter PC jack and
unlike the PC 360 it actually came with
a carrying pouch which is surprising
considering the difference in price the
design of the 330 really just looks like
a miniature PC 360 with some design
tweaks
it's made of a semi flexible plastic
that felt very sturdy with painted
silver and chrome accent thing on the
ear cups and headband that's honestly a
matter of taste at best there's also a
subtle glossy black speckle finish on
the right ear cups volume dial and the
boom mic both of which I'll detail
shortly blended with all of the
asymmetrical points in the design the
headset has a very edgy futuristic look
to it the position of the vine
controller on the right ear cup usually
made it very easy to change the volume
quickly and conveniently but the glossy
finish and small dimple sometimes made
it hard to control with slightly finger
tips and had me wishing there was at
least some amount of grip on it also on
the right side head rail as a DJ hinge
that allows the ear cup to swivel a few
degrees up or back for hearing what's
going on around you specifically for
land parties I never really found a use
for it though and I was tad annoyed at
how it always squeaked when turned and
how hard it was to turn without flinging
the headset off my head simply sliding
the headband back to the side gave me
similar results with less frustration
the boom mic on the left ear cup has a
partially flexible rubber midsection and
a windscreen mic on its tip when it
flipped upright it automatically muted
the mic which was awesome and definitely
seemed like a fair trade-off for it not
being removable it did require a bit of
force to click in place though and a
smoother transition would have been
ideal it essentially is a mini version
of the PC 360s Mike and I prefer this
implementation because it was easier to
get out of my line of sight the sound
from the PC 330s mic was pretty good too
free of any cuts or static and all my
buddies on PSN said they had no problems
hearing me although the mic did sound
slightly muddy at times
and right now you're hearing a brief
audio example of the PC 330s mic itself
when it came to comfort while that was
the main problem with this headset the
fit is just way too tight the headband
and ear cups have a generous amount of
soft padding but it clamped my head so
tightly that it hurt only after a few
minutes of wearing it even after
multiple days of stretching out the
headband with a thick stack of books as
per a suggestion by son Heiser tech it
didn't loosen up the problem seems to be
that no matter how much the head rolls
are extended or how far the ear cups can
spread in and out the headband retains
its same stiff shape especially odd is
that the ear cups are described to be XL
sized and I would argue that because of
the slight over ear shape but mostly on
your fit they may as well be described
as extra small sized lastly I was
disappointed to find that just like with
the PC through 60 the ear cups couldn't
fold flat and with the tight clamp even
attempting to rest them around my neck
wasn't very comfortable what's inside of
those tiny ear cups though sounded
pretty good
I used the headset to play music and
portal on my macbook pro as well as some
black ops in stereo with the Knox audio
negotiator on my ps3 no matter what I
threw out the 330 the sound remained
very crisp and tight the closed back
design give a nice thick base response
but it still had great amount of clarity
in the mids and the highs even though
the highs do seem a bit veiled there was
a great thump to this headset that
worked well with electronic sounds and
heavy rock tracks in-game sound was also
very clear and I usually had no problem
hearing important sound cues in Portal
the son of a platform shifting or an
energy or pulsating across the room was
easy to discern and in black ops 4
running in stereo I certainly still felt
like I had a decent advantage over other
players everything from explosions to
gunshot sounded great and even though
the highs were a tad veiled it still
sounded pretty well balanced in
comparison to the similarly priced Astro
830 the PC 330 had a slightly tighter
and punchy response and a thicker
overall tone but the 830 had a more open
sound stage with more apparent highs
using the Sex Pistols track problems to
compare the two the cymbal hits were
further spreaded more apparent in the a
30s but the PC 330 had more filling the
lows and remains slightly crisper all
the way around despite the veiled highs
when it came down to it the sound of the
PC 330 was very impressive so to sum
this up I think the PC 330 is a solid
performer as a mid-level headset and
pulled through with great sound and
mostly convenient features for gaming on
PCs the drawbacks are that it's got a
very tiny fit and the
130 dollar price tag is a bit steep for
what's offered but if you've been
looking for a moderately priced headset
strictly for PC gaming sessions with
great sound and some convenient features
the PC 330 is worth a look just make
sure it fits first so if you want more
information on the PC 330 check out
sennheiser usa.com if you've got any
questions or comments feel free to drop
them in the comment section below and if
you like this video don't forget to hit
that like button below as well as that
subscribe button above so you can catch
all my other gadget and gaming your
videos later texting gamers thanks so
much for watching
you